dbt ls (#9007)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## April 2026

> - **Enchancement:** Improved `dbt ls` and `dbt list` run log status in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. In run logs, list-only node results now appear as `noop` instead of `unknown` when no terminal execution status is produced. Refer to [About dbt ls (list) command](/reference/commands/list) for more information.

Reviewer: Suggest to change how we format the status -- must be similar to how they look in the UI. Also, based on this [PR](https://github.com/dbt-labs/cloud-ui/pull/6622), it looks like this is a Fusion-specific change. @mikaylacrawford can you please confirm?
```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** In <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> run logs, `dbt ls` and `dbt list` now display node results as **No-op** instead of **Unknown** when using the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. Refer to [dbt ls (list)](/reference/commands/list) for more information.
```

Author: > Suggest to change how we format the status -- must be similar to how they look in the UI. Also, based on this [PR](https://github.com/dbt-labs/cloud-ui/pull/6622), it looks like this is a Fusion-specific change. @mikaylacrawford can you please confirm?

Hiya @luna-bianca 

I have some info [here](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C04N364M8QY/p1778168695785069) advising this is fusion-specfic
